2021 01 19 shaun liu pim (#11399)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/unifiedroleassignmentscheduleinstance.md

---
title: "unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance resource type"

> description: "Represents a schedule instance for an active role assignment operations through Azure AD Privileged Identity Management."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents a schedule instance for an active role assignment through Azure AD Privileged Identity Management."
```

author: "shauliu"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph 

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Represents the instance for an active role assignment through Azure AD Privileged Identity Management. A `roleAssignmentInstance` is created by `roleAssignmentSchedule` and and represents an actual roleAssignment created through Privileged Identity Management. We support list and get operations on the roleAssignmentInstance for the purpose of viewing current and future assignments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents the instance for an active role assignment through Azure AD Privileged Identity Management. A `roleAssignmentInstance` is created by `roleAssignmentSchedule` and and represents an actual roleAssignment created through Privileged Identity Management. List and get operations are supported on the roleAssignmentInstance for the purpose of viewing current and future assignments.
```

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[List unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstances](../api/unifiedroleassignmentscheduleinstance-list.md)|[unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleassignmentscheduleinstance.md) collection|Get a list of the [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleassignmentscheduleinstance.md) objects and their properties.|
|[Get unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance](../api/unifiedroleassignmentscheduleinstance-get.md)|[unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleassignmentscheduleinstance.md)|Read the properties and relationships of an [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleassignmentscheduleinstance.md) object.|
|[filterByCurrentUser](../api/unifiedroleassignmentscheduleinstance-filterbycurrentuser.md)|[unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleassignmentscheduleinstance.md) collection|Get a list of the [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance.md) objects and their properties granted to a particular user.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |appScopeId|String|Id of the app specific scope when the assignment scope is app specific. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. Use "/" for tenant-wide scope. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|appScopeId|String|Id of the app specific scope. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. Use "/" for tenant-wide scope. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```

> |assignmentType|String|Type of the assignment. It can either be `Assigned` or `Activated`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|assignmentType|String|Type of the assignment. Possible values: `Assigned` or `Activated`.|
```

|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Time that the schedule was created.|

> |directoryScopeId|String|Id of the directory object representing the scope of the assignment. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|directoryScopeId|String|Id of the directory object that represents the scope of the assignment. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```

> |endDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Time that the roleAssignmentInstance will expire|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|endDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Time that the roleAssignmentInstance expires.|
```

|id|String|The unique identifier for the unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleInstance. Key, not nullable, Read-only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

> |memberType|String|Membership type of the assignment. It can either be `Inherited`, `Direct`, or `Group`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|memberType|String|Membership type of the assignment. Possible values: `Inherited`, `Direct`, or `Group`.|
```

> |principalId|String|Objectid of the principal to which the assignment is being granted to. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|principalId|String|Objectid of the principal to which the assignment is being granted. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```

> |roleAssignmentOriginId|String|ID of the roleAssignment in the directory|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|roleAssignmentOriginId|String|I of the roleAssignment in the directory.|
```

> |roleAssignmentScheduleId|String|ID of the parent roleAssignmentSchedule for this instance|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|roleAssignmentScheduleId|String|Id of the parent roleAssignmentSchedule for this instance.|
```

> |roleDefinitionId|String|ID of the unifiedRoleDefinition the assignment is for. Read only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|roleDefinitionId|String|Id of the unifiedRoleDefinition for the assignment . Read only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```

> |startDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Time that the roleAssignmentInstance will start|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|startDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Time that the roleAssignmentInstance starts.|
```

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|activatedUsing|[unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleInstance](../resources/unifiedroleeligibilityscheduleinstance.md)|If the roleAssignmentScheduleInstance is activated by a roleEligibilityRequest, this is the link to the related schedule instance.|

> |appScope|[appScope](../resources/appscope.md)|Read-only property with details of the app specific scope when the assignment scope is app specific. Containment entity. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|appScope|[appScope](../resources/appscope.md)|Specifies the details of the app specific scope. Containment entity. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md). Read-only.|
```

> |directoryScope|[directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md)|Property referencing the directory object that is the scope of the assignment. Provided so that callers can get the directory object using `$expand` at the same time as getting the role assignment. Read-only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|directoryScope|[directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md)|The directory object that is the scope of the assignment. Enables the retrieval of the directory object using `$expand` at the same time as getting the role assignment. Read-only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```

> |principal|[directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md)|Property referencing the principal that is getting a role assignment through the request. Provided so that callers can get the principal using `$expand` at the same time as getting the role assignment. Read-only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|principal|[directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md)|The principal that is getting a role assignment through the request. Enables the retrieval of the principal using `$expand` at the same time as getting the role assignment. Read-only. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```

> |roleDefinition|[unifiedRoleDefinition](../resources/unifiedroledefinition.md)|Property indicating the roleDefinition the assignment is for. Provided so that callers can get the role definition using `$expand` at the same time as getting the role assignment. roleDefinition.Id will be auto expanded. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|roleDefinition|[unifiedRoleDefinition](../resources/unifiedroledefinition.md)|The roleDefinition for the assignment.  Enables the retrieval of the role definition using `$expand` at the same time as getting the role assignment. roleDefinition.Id will be auto expanded. Inherited from [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md)|
```
